=pod

=head1 NAME

CGI::WeT - Suite of modules to themeify a website

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use CGI::WeT::Engine ();
    use CGI::WeT::Theme ();
    use CGI::WeT::Theme::Loader::WeT ();
    use CGI::WeT::Modules::Basic ();

Additional packages may be installed and used.  Please check with CPAN for the
latest collections.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The collection of CGI::WeT::* modules allow a site to be built from three major
components: (1) static themed html files, (2) theme definitions, (3) CGI
scripts.

=head1 Themed HTML

Static files are built with no navigation or other theme-dependent information.
The file consists of a set of header lines followed by the body of the file
separated by a blank line.  For example

    Title: This is an example file

    <p>This file is an example of themed HTML</p>

This will produce a page with `This is an example file' as part of the title
in the head and the rest of the file as the body placed on the page according
to the theme in force.

=head1 Theme Definitions

This part of the package depends on which theme loader is being used.  A theme
definition provides the engine with the information it needs to produce a well
formed page.  See the appropriate CGI::WeT::Theme::Loader::*(3) page.

=head1 CGI Scripts

CGI scripts can be used to extend the functionality of the site and yet maintain
a common look and feel according the themes.  See CGI::WeT::Engine(3) for
more details on interfacing with the rendering engine.

=head1 SEE ALSO

perl(1),
CGI::WeT::*(3),

CGI::WeT notes at C<http://people.physics.tamu.edu/jsmith/wet-perls/>

=head1 SUPPORT

Please send any questions or comments about CGI::WeT to me at
j-smith@physics.tamu.edu.

=head1 AUTHORS

 Written by James G. Smith.
 Copyright (C) 1999.  Released under the GNU General Public License v. 2.

=cut
